Eight-and-a-half years ago, Americans watched the people of Iran rise up to claim their birthright of freedom. In the "Green Revolution," millions of courageous young men and women filled the streets of Tehran and Tabriz, Qazvin and Karaj, and what seemed like every city and village in between. They denounced a fraudulent election, and as the days went on, they began to demand that the unelected ayatollahs end their decades of repression and release their iron-fisted grip on Iran and her people.
Those brave protesters looked to the leader of the free world for support. But as I saw first hand as a member of Congress, the president of the United States stayed silent.
In the wake of the demonstrations and the regime's brutal attempts to suppress them, President Barack Obama repeatedly failed to express America's solidarity with the Iranian protesters. As a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I recognized the lack of action for what it was: an abdication of American leadership.

The United States has long stood with those who yearn for freedom and a brighter future, and yet the president declined to stand with a proud people who sought to escape from under the heavy weight of a dictatorship, issuing only a delayed response condemning the regime's violence. At the same time, the United States was failing to confront the leading state sponsor of terrorism — a mistake that endangered the safety and security of the American people and our allies.
The last administration's refusal to act ultimately emboldened Iran's tyrannical rulers to crack down on the dissent. The Green Revolution was ruthlessly put down, and the deadly silence on the streets of Iran matched the deafening silence from the White House. To this day, many Iranians blame the United States for abandoning them in their hour of need.
Today, the Iranian people are once again rising up to demand freedom and opportunity, and under President Trump, the United States is standing with them. This time, we will not be silent.


The United States has spoken clearly and unequivocally. Unfortunately, many of our European partners, as well as the United Nations, have thus far failed to forcefully speak out on the growing crisis in Iran. It's time for them to stand up. The suppression of the Green Revolution in 2009 shows the disastrous price of silence. The president and I call on leaders of freedom-loving nations across the world to condemn Iran's unelected dictators and defend the Iranian people's unalienable right to chart their own future and determine their own destiny.
Months before the protests started in Iran, the president predicted that the days of the Iranian regime were numbered. Speaking at the United Nations in September, he said, "The good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, Iran's people are what their leaders fear the most." Much like another president who made similar predictions about the Soviet Union, the president was mocked.
These words now ring truer than ever. Where his predecessor stayed silent in 2009, Trump swiftly offered the Iranian people America's unwavering support. He has also committed to provide assistance in the days ahead.
More broadly, the president declined to certify the previous administration's nuclear deal with Iran, which flooded the regime's coffers with tens of billions of dollars in cash — money that it could use to repress its own people and support terrorism across the wider world. We have already issued new sanctions on Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, and the president is weighing additional actions to punish the regime for its belligerent behavior and assault on its own citizens.




The president has said that "oppressive regimes cannot endure forever," and our administration will continue to support the protesters in their calls for freedom and demand that Iran's leaders cease their dangerous and destabilizing actions at home and abroad.
We stand with the proud people of Iran because it is right, and because the regime in Tehran threatens the peace and security of the world. That is the essence of American leadership, and as the people of Iran now know, the United States is leading on the world stage for freedom once again.

Eight-and-a-half years ago, Americans watched the people of Iran rise up to claim their birthright of freedom. In the "Green Revolution," millions of courageous young men and women filled the streets of Tehran and Tabriz, Qazvin and Karaj, and what seemed like every city and village in between. They denounced a fraudulent election, and as the days went on, they began to demand that the unelected ayatollahs end their decades of repression and release their iron-fisted grip on Iran and her people.
Those brave protesters looked to the leader of the free world for support. But as I saw first hand as a member of Congress, the president of the United States stayed silent.
In the wake of the demonstrations and the regime's brutal attempts to suppress them, President Barack Obama repeatedly failed to express America's solidarity with the Iranian protesters. As a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I recognized the lack of action for what it was: an abdication of American leadership.
Last week, working families across Wisconsin filed their taxes for the last time under the old, broken system. When I visit Milwaukee Wednesday, I will deliver a simple message: Tax Day next year should be much less painful, because President Donald Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan, and all of Wisconsin’s Republicans in Congress enacted the largest tax cut and tax reform in American history.

Our tax cuts are exactly what Wisconsin families need.

For the first time ever, the first $24,000 in income for a married couple is now income-tax free — nearly double what it was before. The child tax credit is twice as high, rising from $1,000 to $2,000 per child.

These reforms, combined with many others in the new law, will give the average Wisconsin family of four a tax cut of more than $2,500 every single year.

More than 90% of working families will see that tax cut reflected in their paycheck before this year is out — and many, if not most, already are.

You can also forget about the days of complicated forms. Next year, millions of Americans will be able to file their taxes on a simple, single sheet of paper — no lawyers, accountants or tax preparers necessary.

We also abolished the destructive tax at the heart of Obamacare by eliminating the individual-mandate tax. No longer will Wisconsinites be forced to buy government-mandated health insurance you don’t want and can’t afford.

Our tax cuts will benefit working families in other important ways as well. We cut taxes for job creators large and small so they can compete and win with companies anywhere in the world. Companies across the Badger State have already responded with renewed investment in their communities.

In fact, as Wisconsin families are already learning, a tax cut for business is a pay raise for workers. All told, because of our tax cuts, 28,000 Wisconsin workers have gotten a raise or a bonus in the past four months.

As more and more businesses respond to tax relief, our administration estimates that the typical Wisconsin worker will see a pay raise of more than $4,100 in the years ahead. That’s on top of the tax cuts that many are already seeing in their paychecks.

Tax cuts are working for Wisconsin, and so is the rest of our agenda. The administration has eliminated 22 federal regulations for every new one we’ve issued. Working with Wisconsin’s Republicans in Congress, the president has signed more laws slashing federal red tape than any president in history. We’ve been unleashing energy resources that power Wisconsin’s families, farms, and factories. And the president has taken decisive action to ensure that the nation’s trade agreements are free, fair and reciprocal and put American workers first.

As President Trump likes to say, that’s what we call a good start. Be assured: We’re going to keep delivering for Wisconsin. You can take that promise to the bank — and come tax day next year, you can cash it.
